TeachingEditor Commercial Software License

Version 1.0

Please read this license carefully before using the software. By using the
software, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this license.

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

akosma software provides the computer software, documentation, and source code
in this product ('Licensed Software') and licenses its use to the party ("You")
who purchases and uses this product, as follows:

BINARY LICENSE. You have the non-transferable right to use one (1) copy, on one
(1) project, with the number of seats specified on the original invoice, of
Licensed Software internally for Your own research and development or other
business purposes. You must purchase a license for each developer that will be
using the Licensed Software. Licenses are non-transferable.

You may make one machine readable copy of the Licensed Software for backup
purposes. You may not otherwise copy the Licensed Software or any of its
documentation in printed form. You must, as a condition of Your license under
this Agreement, reproduce and include all copyright and other proprietary
notices on the backup copy.

You may not transfer possession of Licensed Software, whether in part or in
whole, to other parties. You may not copy enclosed documentation or distribute
them to other parties. You may not modify Licensed Software or disassemble it
for the purpose of obtaining the source code. You agree not to "reverse
engineer" the Licensed Software or any portion of it or to permit such
reverse engineering or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable
form.

SHAREWARE LICENSE. If this software has been provided to You as "shareware",
then this license is restricted as follows: You may use this software only to
the extent necessary to determine whether it is fit for Your needs. This
evaluation period is limited to 30 days after your initial receipt of the
software. If you decide to continue using the software beyond this period, you
must purchase the number of licenses as required under the terms of the BINARY
LICENSE.

RUN-TIME LIBRARY LICENSE. The licensed material covered by this agreement may
include a set of designated modules (the "Run-Time Library"), all or a portion
of which may be linked with modules produced from your own sources to become an
integral part of an executable program. You may use and market such executable
programs without the payment of any additional license fees, provided that you
indemnify and hold akosma software and its suppliers harmless from any and all
claims arising out of the sale, license, or any other use of such programs. Any
failure to provide this indemnity voids your license to use or redistribute the
Run-Time Library. You may not modify, network, rent, lend, loan, distribute or
create derivative works or additional Run-Time Libraries that will give end
users of the derivative product programmatic access to the same or similar
features as the original Run-Time Libraries. Neither the name of the akosma
software nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

SOURCE CODE. At akosma software's sole discretion, a portion of the this
software may be provided in source code form, constituting proprietary
information of akosma software. If provided, You may use these sources to
customize the software for Your particular needs, or simply as supplementary
documentation, but You may not distribute the sources in either their original
or modified form.

RESTRICTIONS ON DISCLOSURE. You agree to use reasonable efforts, and to take the
same precautions that You take to protect your own computer programs and other
information of similar value that You do not wish to have disclosed or
disseminated to others, to avoid disclosure or dissemination of any part of the
Licensed Software, its documentation, or its source, to any third party by You
and Your employees, agents or consultants (if any). These restrictions will not
apply to any information that becomes publicly known, through no fault or breach
on Your part, that akosma software regularly provides third parties without
restrictions on disclosure or that you receive from a third party rightfully and
without restriction on disclosure.

OWNERSHIP. You agree that akosma software has and will retain all ownership
rights in the Licensed Software and its documentation and all related patents,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights, and that
You will have no interest in the Licensed Software and its documentation except
the limited license provided under this Agreement.

NO OTHER LICENSE. No rights or licenses are granted by akosma software under
this License, expressly or by implication, with respect to any proprietary
information or patent, copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual property
right owned or controlled by akosma software, except as expressly provided in
this License.

TERMINATION. This License is effective until terminated. You may terminate this
License at any time by destroying the Software, related documentation and all
copies thereof. This License will terminate immediately without notice from
akosma software if You fail to comply with any provision of this License. Upon
termination You must destroy the Software, related documentation and all copies
thereof which are in your possession or under Your control.

GOVERNMENT END USERS. If You are acquiring the Software on behalf of any unit or
agency of the United States Government, the following provisions apply. The
Government agrees the Software and documentation were developed at private
expense and are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS". Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in FAR
52.227-14, DFAR 252.227-7013, its successors or applicable agency rights in
technical data or computer software. In the event that this License, or any part
thereof, is deemed inconsistent with the minimum rights identified in the
Restricted Rights provisions, the minimum rights shall prevail.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY ON SOFTWARE. You expressly acknowledge and agree that use
of the Software is at your sole risk. The Software and related documentation are
provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any kind and akosma software expressly
disclaims all warranties, express and implied, including, but not limited to,
the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
akosma software does not warrant that the features contained in the software
will meet Your requirements, or that the operation of the software will be
uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects in the software will be corrected.
The entire risk as to the results and performance of the software is assumed by
You. Furthermore, akosma software does not warrant or make any representations
regarding the use or the results of the use of the Software or related
documentation in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, currentness,
or otherwise. No oral or written information or advice given by akosma software
or akosma software's authorized representative shall create a warranty or in any
way increase the scope of this warranty. Should the software prove defective,
You (and not akosma software or akosma software's authorized representative)
assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above
exclusion may not apply to You.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Under no circumstances including negligence, shall
akosma software, or its directors, officers, employees or agents, be liable to
You for any incidental, indirect special or consequential damages (including
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business
information, and the like) arising out of the use, misuse or inability to use
the software or related documentation, breach or default including those arising
from infringement or alleged infringement of any patent trademark, copyright or
other intellectual property right by akosma software, even if akosma software or
akosma software's authorized representative has been advised of the possibility
of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of
liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or
exclusion may not apply to You. akosma software will not be liable for 1) loss
of, or damage to, your records or data or 2) any damages claimed by you based on
any third party claim. In no event shall akosma software's total liability to
you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort
(including negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you for the
Software.

CONTROLLING LAW AND SEVERABILITY. This License shall be governed by and
construed under the laws of Switzerland. If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction finds any provision of this License or portion thereof, to be
unenforceable, that provision of the License shall be enforced to the maximum
extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder
of this License shall continue in full force and effect.

COMPLETE AGREEMENT. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the use of the Software and the related documentation,
and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements,
written or oral, regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification
of this License will be binding unless in writing and signed by a duly
authorized representative of akosma software.

